[Security] Update custom authenticator docs to include identifier normalization (#20636)
symfony/symfony-docs: security/custom_authenticator.rst

Use the
:class:`Symfony\\Component\\Security\\Http\\Authenticator\\Passport\\Badge\\UserBadge`
to attach the user to the passport. The ``UserBadge`` requires a user
identifier (e.g. the username or email)::

    use Symfony\Component\Security\Http\Authenticator\Passport\Badge\UserBadge;

    // ...
    $passport = new Passport(new UserBadge($userIdentifier), $credentials);

User Identifier
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The user identifier is a unique string that identifies the user. It is used

>  to load the user using :ref:`the user provider <security-user-providers>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to load the user using :ref:`the user provider <security-user-providers>`.
```

            }
        }

It is a good practice to normalize the user identifier before using it.
For example, this ensures that variations such as "john.doe", "John.Doe",
or "JOHN.DOE" refer to the same user.
Normalization can include converting the identifier to lowercase
and trimming unnecessary spaces.
You can optionally pass a user identifier normalizer as third argument to the
``UserBadge``. This callable receives the ``$userIdentifier``
and must return a normalized user identifier as a string.

> .. versionadded:: 7.3

Reviewer 2: New section is not correctly rendered:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d5560800-f910-441b-a142-c98e4f30e1bb)

I don't know how to fix it

Author: Many thanks.
I will take time to update this section.

Author: It should be fixed with the last commit

            parent::__construct($identifier, null, $callback);
        }
    }

    // src/Security/PasswordAuthenticator.php
    namespace App\Security;

    final class PasswordAuthenticator extends AbstractLoginFormAuthenticator
    {
        // Simplified for brievety
        public function authenticate(Request $request): Passport
        {
            $username = (string) $request->request->get('username', '');
            $password = (string) $request->request->get('password', '');

            $request->getSession()
                ->set(SecurityRequestAttributes::LAST_USERNAME, $username);

            return new Passport(
                new NormalizedUserBadge($username),
                new PasswordCredentials($password),
                [
                    //All other useful badges
                ]
            );
        }
    }

.. note::

    Similarly, Google normalizes email addresses so that "john.doe", "j.hon.d.oe",
    and "johndoe" all correspond to the same account.
    This involves removing dots and converting the email address to lowercase

>     (though normalization specifics depend on your use case).

Reviewer 2: With the other note below, I'm not sure this one is needed

Author: I believe both notes provide valuable context and would prefer to keep tthem:
* The first shows a well-known real-world example (Google).
* The second one highlights enterprise-specific formats where normalization is important.

            }
        }

It is a good practice to normalize the user identifier before using it.
For example, this ensures that variations such as "john.doe", "John.Doe",
or "JOHN.DOE" refer to the same user.
Normalization can include converting the identifier to lowercase
and trimming unnecessary spaces.
You can optionally pass a user identifier normalizer as third argument to the
``UserBadge``. This callable receives the ``$userIdentifier``
and must return a normalized user identifier as a string.

.. versionadded:: 7.3

    The support of the user identifier normalizer was introduced in Symfony 7.3.

> For instance, the example below uses a normalizer that converts usernames to a normalized, ASCII-only, lowercase format,
> suitable for consistent comparison and storage.
> 
>     // src/Security/NormalizedUserBadge.php
>     namespace App\Security;
> 
>     use Symfony\Component\Security\Http\Authenticator\Passport\Badge\UserBadge;
>     use Symfony\Component\String\UnicodeString;
>     use function Symfony\Component\String\u;
> 
>     final class NormalizedUserBadge extends UserBadge
>     {
>         public function __construct(string $identifier)
>         {
>             $callback = static fn (string $identifier) => u($identifier)->normalize(UnicodeString::NFKC)->ascii()->lower()->toString();
> 
>             parent::__construct($identifier, null, $callback);
>         }
>     }
> 
>     // src/Security/PasswordAuthenticator.php
>     namespace App\Security;
> 
>     final class PasswordAuthenticator extends AbstractLoginFormAuthenticator
>     {
>         // Simplified for brievety
>         public function authenticate(Request $request): Passport
>         {
>             $username = (string) $request->request->get('username', '');
>             $password = (string) $request->request->get('password', '');
> 
>             $request->getSession()
>                 ->set(SecurityRequestAttributes::LAST_USERNAME, $username);
> 
>             return new Passport(
>                 new NormalizedUserBadge($username),
>                 new PasswordCredentials($password),
>                 [
>                     //All other useful badges
>                 ]
>             );
>         }
>     }
> 
> .. note::

Reviewer 2: - Php code was not rendered. I added `::` and  `.. code-block:: php` (Not 100% sure it's the best way)
- I replace `(string) $request->request->get()` by `$request->request->getString`
```suggestion
For instance, the example below uses a normalizer that converts usernames to a normalized, ASCII-only, lowercase format,
suitable for consistent comparison and storage::

    // src/Security/NormalizedUserBadge.php
    namespace App\Security;

    use Symfony\Component\Security\Http\Authenticator\Passport\Badge\UserBadge;
    use Symfony\Component\String\UnicodeString;
    use function Symfony\Component\String\u;

    final class NormalizedUserBadge extends UserBadge
    {
        public function __construct(string $identifier)
        {
            $callback = static fn (string $identifier) => u($identifier)->normalize(UnicodeString::NFKC)->ascii()->lower()->toString();

            parent::__construct($identifier, null, $callback);
        }
    }

.. code-block:: php

    // src/Security/PasswordAuthenticator.php
    namespace App\Security;

    final class PasswordAuthenticator extends AbstractLoginFormAuthenticator
    {
        // Simplified for brievety
        public function authenticate(Request $request): Passport
        {
            $username = $request->request->getString('username');
            $password = $request->request->getString('password');

            $request->getSession()
                ->set(SecurityRequestAttributes::LAST_USERNAME, $username);

            return new Passport(
                new NormalizedUserBadge($username),
                new PasswordCredentials($password),
                [
                    //All other useful badges
                ]
            );
        }
    }

.. note::
```
